Update EIP-5679: Fix typo and add errata (#6589)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-5679.md

This EIP is designed to be compatible for EIP-20, EIP-721 and EIP-1155 respectively.

### Errata

The original final EIP-5679 has a typo, and the fix should be

```solidity
// IERC5679Ext1155
--- function burn(address _from, uint256 _id, uint256 _amount, bytes[] calldata _data) external;
+++ function burn(address _from, uint256 _id, uint256 _amount, bytes calldata _data) external;
```

> This result in a fix of ERC-165 identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This results in a change of ERC-165 identifier:
```
